
Assignments Module – 2 (Selenium IDE)

•	What is Automation Testing?
                                        
              Automation Testing is the use of software to control the execution of tests, the comparison of actual outcomes to predicted outcomes, 
the setting up of test preconditions, and other test control and test reporting functions.

Commonly, test automation involves automating a manual process already in place that uses a formalized testing process.

Although manual tests may find many defects in a software application, it is a laborious and time consuming process.

In addition, it may not be effective in finding certain classes of defects.

Test automation is a process of writing a computer program to do testing that would otherwise need to be done manually.

Once tests have been automated, they can be run quickly.

This is often the most cost effective method for software products that have a long maintenance life, because even minor patches over the 
lifetime of the application can cause features to break which were working at an earlier point in time.


•	Which are the Browsers supported by Selenium IDE?

        Selenium IDE is a browser extension. Currently, both Chrome and Firefox browsers  are supported. 
                    
        The new version of this record and playback tool for test cases supports not only Firefox but also Chrome. 
                    
        Previously it only supports Firefox.
                    

•	What are the benefits of Automation Testing?

1)	Speed – Automation Scripts run very fast when compared to human Users.

2)	Reliable – Tests perform precisely the same operations each time they are run, there by eliminating human error.

3)	Repeatable – We can test how the application reacts after repeated execution of the same operation.

4)	Comprehensive – We can build a suite of tests that covers every feature in our application.

5)	Reusable – We can reuse tests on different versions of an application, even if the 

6)	User interface changes.


•	What are the advantages of Selenium?

1)	Open Source.
2)	Supports all browsers like IE, Firefox, Mozilla, Safari. 
3)	Supports all Operating Systems. 
4)	Supports all Programming languages: Java, Ruby, C# and Python.
5)	Run multiple tests at a time.

•	Why testers should opt for Selenium and not QTP?

1)	Cost (because Selenium is completely free).
2)	Flexibility (because of a number of programming languages, browsers, and platforms it can support).
3)	Parallel testing (something that QTP is capable of but only with use of Quality Center)
